I'm a flexibility coach and I'm a
gymnast and we're going head tohe head
right now let's go I'm going to kick
your butt so we each get two skills that
we're going to challenge the other
person with and we both get three tries
to get it right if we don't get it but
if we do get it then yeah so we'll see
who who goes first you're the guest you
got to decide go first I'll go first all
right let's
[Music]
go are you ready I don't know what are
we doing all right so first uh I think
you know how to do a front split right
yeah I can I'm
okay all right okay so you got that
perfect uh that's not the skill what
what we're going to do is we're going to
do a front split but we're going to do a
my way okay what's your way okay so the
first is so your hips they they tend to
sneak out a lot which is fine it just
means that you're using your adductors
on the back leg what we're going to do
is we're going to isolate it by squaring
off the hips and keeping the toes nailed
into the ground all right so almost like
you're doing the longest lunge possible
and you're just going to sink the hips
all the way down to the ground like that
sounds pretty easy so give it a whirl
wait hold on so to back toes on the
ground yep there you go and you're just
going to keep the hips squared off why
is that so much harder it's those hip
flexors right in in there hold
on wait what that is you might have to
like push me down here I mean I could
try I don't want to injure you ah no I'm
just
kidding okay that is so much harder what
the heck how does that feel though have
I've been cheating my whole life you
have been at least according to my rules
what the heck yeah this is way harder I
feel like I'm hitting a brick wall
you're really close it is a bit of a
brick wall and the reason why is cuz
your quad at least one of your muscles
here the rectus Fus is also a hip flexor
so if your quads are tight your hip
flexor is also tight my quads are
definitely tight that's for sure so
there's the issue like if I were to lift
this up
oh well
hold on find that next let me try my
other leg let me try my other leg maybe
miraculously my other wait no that was
your first try you still have two other
tries right yeah yeah go for it yeah
it's definitely going to get better and
and two more tries yeah it's getting
better right now all right go for
it so toes nailed into the ground almost
like you're taking a step it's crazy cuz
when I slide in my hip automatically
like turns out like that it does yeah
cuz your adductors are so flexible
that's why I didn't choose the middle
splits
oh
dude I even feel it more in uh hamstring
it forces your your hip your your pelvis
to anteriorly tilt so your hamstrings
got to go crazier they got to make up
for your lack of hit I can't I can't I
can do middle split all
day but that's crazy I can't do uh I
can't do your split so you still have
one more try left you can either go for
the try or just can you can you like
jump on me maybe I'm not going to do
that I can push you down a little I'm
pretty competitive you know I might be
worth the win here let's just detach
your hamstring or hlex if you want which
one do you prefer I can uh if you want
David to jump on me please leave a like
comment subscribe you're cheating out
just a little bit come on dude there it
is right there right there that's crazy
I can't even do anything you got a block
there now you know what to work on dude
I don't I can't even go farther than
this that's it all right I give up I
relinquish the L dude that is crazy
what's next what do you got for me hold
on just let me just take a
second so what's this so this is the
mushroom okay looks like a mushroom yeah
so we're going to do a circle on here
and that's your challenge so this is a
circle what does it look
like this is it that looks pretty
Advanced I'm not going to lie this is
actually like the training wheels that
kids do for the pom horse kids yeah
you're like you know four to like seven
Okay so all you do is you
just swing around right
and wait that
was wait that was actually really
good I think I think that might be
possible okay okay let me let me coach
you a little bit okay okay it was pretty
good but one thing that you did wrong or
that you could do better okay you jumped
and you just had this hand up okay but
you're just going to go straight up and
straight down okay so what you want to
do is so wind up put this hand here and
like kind of grab and pull pull yourself
around so you get the momentum to do the
full circle does that make sense so put
your so I'm going to my hand is going to
start down then yes so it's going to
pull around and then I'll balance for a
second and then put it back down exactly
it doesn't seem easy you can lift you
can lift it up to like get momentum put
it down and then okay lift it up okay
okay okay okay so I can get a little bit
of momentum if I need it yep and then
I'll put it back down okay so
it's keep your hips keep your hips like
low to the palm horse you my hips when I
did it you're like up here so you're
kind of like jumping up and like going
straight down was that high up that's an
exaggeration I think but oh okay okay um
you want to keep your hips on like just
the xplane like staying here the whole
time you don't want to so I want to
graze it almost the whole time pretty
much so even when this is my last try
right this is the last try I mean that
was a practice round I think no I I'll
take it I kind of want to see you make
it like all right so I got to graze
graze it a little bit more
[Music]
so okay so I you're so gentle you got to
like be
aggressive oh dude you had it you had it
you had it you had I think that's it you
had it you just had to put your hand
back
down oh dude I've never seen anyone
learn to Circle that quick let's go but
you still lost that that definitely lost
I still haven't even hit it three I'm
going to do one more try here
dude I I've never done gtic it's three
it's like four tries
crazy I know me
neither do two do try to do two try to
do two yeah okay if you can do two I
will you'll win this challenge that's it
I I'll drive home right
now yeah no I can't that's D you can't
you you just got to do this with your
hips or show me show
me oh you do it so effortlessly oh my
goodness I kind of want to try that
too no you didn't put put your hand down
first I didn't I just went straight
around to it you're right you're right
so hand down then around oh dude that's
crazy my body is like flailing and I
have no idea where it is he's never done
gymnastics you got dude it's so
impressive that's crazy I'll get it next
time so yeah anyway okay we made one but
feel like you should get a point for
that cuz that's so impressive I I had I
was like this is a safe bet you're not
going to make so I know I'm I'm going to
stay on the safe side no point but if
you guys think I deserve a point put it
in the comments I think you do all right
as much as I want to win you want to
guess why the camera is so
low for the perspective I don't know the
reason why the camera is so low is cuz
we're going to do a standing pancake
which means you're going to go almost
like to your middle splits but once you
get to a point where it's harder you're
going to go all the way down and Float
above the ground so that's like strength
so it's strength in your flexibility
what the heck that looks
impossible wait what so you basically go
to your middle split but stop above the
ground wait can you do that one more
time yeah I can try it again so all you
do is you just sink all the way down and
Float above the
ground what what I don't even know what
muscles that is it's a lot of different
muscles that work there hold on I don't
even know how to like start this so wide
legs and just start walking your feet
out and stick your butt out as far
behind you as you can oh dude my groin I
thought I'm going to tear my groin
that's first try hold on let me uh oh
dang I forgot I was on the clock all
right warm up a little bit you were so
gracious with the mushroom that's not a
try that's not a try no no no it's fine
okay when two nice people try to make a
video no it's okay I'll get it this this
try just squeeze the heck out of the
ground and spread your hands out so like
behind you a little bit and it'll it'll
lower
yeah you're right there let's go let's
go I'm counting that that's it that's it
oh D no way oh I'm going to be so sore
dude that was the hardest thing I've
ever done in my entire life that's I've
literally I've tested like a bunch of
people I've never seen anybody do that
within their second dud even third try
really hard yeah even people can do the
middle that counts yes you were like an
inch above the ground you'll see in the
footage that was really hard I feel like
I'm going to be walking funny for the
next week so what's the score uh one
zero so you need to get this next this
next move so what's the next move it's a
back flip the what nothing all right
what do you got for me basically you're
just going to do a back
flip what so you have to land with the
mat in the pit okay you know it's kind
of ambitious to land on the ground for
the first time okay but this doesn't
count as a try like really use your arms
and then you're just going to bring your
knees to your chest okay all right well
there's nothing left to do but just to
do it right dude this is so scary I'm I
that's not even going to make it better
it's just scary yeah the first one's
scary you got it all right here we go
full set come
on oh this is so scary here we go let me
SP you on the first one no I'm just
going to send it I just got to do it I
just got to do it if I just fall it's
fine it's your
funeral oh dude that was good that was
good I'm going to lose the glasses yeah
do you need them to flip no I don't need
them to flip that was that was good that
was a good first attempt that was crazy
more up and grab your knees pull your
chest yeah all right here we go you got
this oh dude what that was really good
that was really good I'm still standing
what the heck it's pretty high so if you
land this it's like legit oh God okay
I'll be proud of you
so it's just so effortless that is so
effortless so another thing you were
doing so is this where the tries are
going to count right here yes okay so
you're starting here I was start to all
the way up okay get that
like oh yeah because I'm not falling as
far down cuz the surface is slightly
elevated now right technically oh yeah
okay then the pit so you're going to
have to try a little bit harder okay you
want me to bump you for the no I we just
we'll send it all right grab and pull
your knees can I just fall backwards and
not count as a try yeah just to see what
it feels
like you act like I'm super strict I'm
like oh no okay that no that we should
be able to get this right yeah we got
this I got I got to like visualize it
yeah okay you can do it come on trust it
here we go here we go here we go all
right go
big oh God no got this okay here we go
here we
go you're good you got this come on
trust it trust
yourself dude that was perfect that was
perfect that was perfect dude dude you
had it you had it you just you dude you
were so high you just kicked out so you
have to you have to make kicked out way
too I was terrified but hold on watch it
okay I got to watch the footage I guess
all
right I basically did it saying that's
what I'm telling you I just I had no
idea where I was so I didn't I was so
excited to The Landing oh it's literally
just the landing yeah so this is my last
try right so you're going to be yeah so
you're going to be flipping then you're
going to see the ground here and you're
just going to let your feet go to the
ground you don't have to you don't have
to do that yeah cuz there was no
spotting with what I did I just oh I'm
on the ground all right let's see if we
can uh get this you
got you can do it I believe in you let's
go here go trust
it come
Mom you got this let's
go let
go dude that's crazy no way I've never
seen any you should do it on here I
think you can do it if you spot me I'll
do it I'll how do you even spot somebody
toing your back it's really easy you
just push him with one hand like this oh
this is okay so this what you're going
to do over rotate a little bit and roll
out okay just so you just to get the
feel of it okay if you want a softer mat
this is pretty soft this is pretty soft
I feel like if I yeah you'll be fine
yeah it should be fine okay I'm still
terrified it's it's scary so I just got
to commit to it yeah
what am I even doing right now maybe
just touch my back so I know you're
there so it'll you can't swing your arms
I'll be oh man this is so scary if you
want you can practice and do like a jump
and I can like catch you so oh God feel
was kind of
[Music]
romantic what the heck just happened you
did a back flip that's what happened
nice that that lower back that was
clutch that that felt really nice I'm a
great coach what can I say there you go
do one more I'll spot you a little bit
less CU I did kind of a lot you probably
felt really f i I relied on you like a
lot there so jump a little bit harder
I'll do a little bit
[Music]
less dude you have to do it by yourself
I didn't I barely did anything what the
heck I'll be there in case what is
happening right now I have no idea where
anything is dude had no intention to
learn a backflip today this is even the
video go
big did you didn't touch you what the
heck let's go that's crazy so that that
that's a wash then anyway that's the
quickest I've ever seen anyone learn a
backflip in my life that's wild well
either way though the video is still a
tie you want to do a tiebreaker or do
you want to let the audience decide who
won I think we got to do a tiebreaker R
do tiebreaker but you can still you can
still say in the comments who's
handsomer who who is handsome I want to
know I've been I can't even see you
right now so maybe I should get my
glasses okay so we're going to do a
tiebreaker we're going to see who can
climb these ropes the fastest right it's
me it's you yeah can I use my legs yeah
of course but it's slower if you lose
your it's slower if you use your leg so
I don't think so I think it's going to
be faster I don't know I'm not going to
use mine and then do we have to climb
the whole way down or can I just like
first person oh no you have to climb
down you have to climb down okay first
person to touch the ground first person
to touch the ground when
sir good luck all right ready yeah set
go the
[Music]
wall what the hell what can I go back up
yes go back
down oh I got a little cocky there that
crazy oh that's hard you just went back
up oh that was
crazy bro I told you my legs is you guys
know what to do all that stuff follow
this guy like sub thanks for having me
that was really fun of course I have
free ebooks if you guys want them I also
have paid programs do you have anything
going for you just watch my videos if
you like them I hope you enjoy them this
guy's crazy yeah all right stay flexy
that's
right that was fun dude you're